TaasFlow — Platform Audit Full manual survey, admin + client surfaces · 1 Sep 2026 · Read-only. Nothing was fixed, published or re-scored. 1. Gate result Engine gate: PASS — with a caveat that matters. Served: Engine running today: v1.5.2 (/admin/operations) Repo: ENGINE_VERSION = "taasflow-scoring-v1.5.2" (src/lib/scoring/engine-version.ts) Findings are NOT provisional, but not because the gate says so. ENGINE_VERSION only bumps when scoring output changes, so the three commits landed today — 09fd05a6 (published-score drift), bd3b366d (UndoWindow mount), ca05fa2a (money formatter) — do not move it. A version match cannot prove they shipped. Every finding below was instead confirmed by a live contradiction between two surfaces of the running build, which is deploy-independent evidence. Source was read from the Lovable project clear-path-hubs (last edit 1 Sep 11:04 UTC), not the Windows clone — this session has no bridge to your machine. If your local clone has unpushed commits, citations may lag it. 2. Findings Ordered by severity. Numbering supersedes earlier issues of this report. BLOCKER F1 — Filtering by role tells the client “Nothing needs you today” while candidates wait on them /client?org=815fcb92…&preview=client_admin&role=bf2a3410-5d91-4b9f-b2e6-4816c724a3ad Steps Open the OMNIFLOW client overview. Unfiltered it lists 2 decisions waiting. Now append &role=<the workspace's only role id> — a filter that should change nothing, because every candidate is on that role. Saw (verbatim) Showing Technical Product Developer – Full Stack & Integrations only. Everything on this page — including the decision queue and the headline above — counts this role alone. Nothing needs you today 2 items checked. 12 applications are in review with TaaSFlow right now. 1 open role 2 waiting on your decision 0 roles with no shortlist yet Expected The same two candidates the unfiltered page lists. Instead the queue empties, while the tile beside it still reads 2 waiting on your decision — the page contradicts itself in a single viewport, and the empty half is the half that reads as good news. Code src/lib/client-overview.functions.ts — queue items are built from loadClientOpenItems , and OpenItem ( src/lib/client/open-items.server.ts ) carries no position_id field at all. The overview therefore invents one by parsing the link: position_id: item.href.split('/').pop()?.split('#')[0] || null, For a pending decision the href is /client/candidates/${row.id} , so position_id is a candidate match id. For an offer the href is /client/offers , so it is the literal string "offers" . For an interview it is "interviews?interview=…" . Only info_request items, whose href is /client/positions/${id}#information-needed , yield a real position id. The subsequent queue.filter(q => q.position_id === selectedRole) can therefore never match a decision, an offer or an interview. Shape A guard compared against a value the vocabulary does not contain (#2), producing failure rendered as emptiness (#4). The position id is available server-side — open-items.server.ts already uses row.position_id for the role caption — it is simply never carried onto the item. Why blocker The source comment directly above the filter predicts this exact harm: “a client could return to a bookmarked link and read ‘nothing needs you’ while three other roles waited.” The chip was added to mitigate it. The underlying filter is broken, so it happens even when the client selects the correct role. UX FIX Never let a filter empty a to-do list silently. If a filter removes every item, say “No open items for this role — 2 items on other roles are hidden by this filter,” with a one-click clear. And the tile row must obey the same filter as the queue, or it must not sit beside it. LOVABLE PROMPT Add a real position_id field to the OpenItem type in src/lib/client/open-items.server.ts and populate it from the row that creates each item (row.position_id for pending_decision and offer, interview.position_id for feedback, pending.position_id for interview, request.position_id for info_request). Then in src/lib/client-overview.functions.ts delete the line `position_id: item.href.split('/').pop()?.split('#')[0] || null` and use item.position_id directly. Today the role filter drops every pending decision because that expression returns a candidate match id, and the OMNIFLOW overview renders "Nothing needs you today" beside a tile reading "2 waiting on your decision". Add a unit test asserting that filtering by a role returns the decisions belonging to it. BLOCKER F2 — A candidate whose CV cannot be read carries a score and a band /admin/clients/815fcb92-8bbf-4357-ba42-2448358aab7a?tab=candidates Steps Admin → Clients → OMNIFLOW → Candidates tab. Read the last row (GGM, 60eb0e69 ). Saw (verbatim) GUSTAVO G MASS | Being screened | Needs OCR to read the CV | 41.4 | Not recommended | Pending | Hidden Same person, own workspace No score — CV unreadable ocr required CV unreadable — AI read suppressed Expected Per 2.4, no score and no band anywhere. Two admin surfaces disagree about the same person. Code src/lib/scoring/published-score.ts — scoreVoidedByUnreadableCv() voids the score when processing_state === "ocr_required" , and publishedScoreDisplay() returns Math.round(...) . This tab prints 41.4: one decimal and un-voided, so it calls neither. Corroborated: the client workspace renders the same two candidates as 79 and 46 where this tab shows 78.6 and 45.7 — same runs, so the decimal is the bypass, not different data. Commit 09fd05a6 fixed this class on seven surfaces; this is an eighth. UX FIX Render a dash and “No score — CV unreadable” in the score column, de-emphasise the row, and offer Run OCR inline, so staff see repair work rather than a ranking. LOVABLE PROMPT The client-detail Candidates tab (/admin/clients/$id?tab=candidates) resolves each row's score itself instead of going through src/lib/scoring/published-score.ts. Evidence: it renders "41.4" for candidate 60eb0e69 whose processing_state is ocr_required, while the client workspace renders the same runs rounded to 79 and 46 — publishedScoreDisplay() rounds and scoreVoidedByUnreadableCv() voids ocr_required, so neither is being called here. Route this tab's score and band through withPublishedRun()/publishedScoreDisplay()/publishedBand(), and add the file to the guard list in the published-score test. BLOCKER F3 — A negation credited as evidence, under the engine version that claims to fix it /admin/candidates/5afc1b56-2b9c-4ed9-962a-bc86dd98fe98?tab=evidence Saw (verbatim) Experience with Supabase PREFERRED Evidenced "I've worked with SQL/NoSQL, REST APIs, OAuth 2.0, authentication and integrations. I'm less experienced with React/Supabase but comfortable learning new stacks." Source: scoring run · Met and lower on the identical page: NICE: Experience with Supabase — Partial The candidate states they are 'less experienced with React/Supabase'. Expected Not Met. The record header reads scoring method v1.5.2 , and engine-version.ts states under v1.5.1 that self-deprecating qualifiers — naming “less experienced with” explicitly — join the negation cues. The guard did not fire on the sentence it names. Note Your record of audit #5 flagged this same candidate and quote. Two engine releases have shipped since, both claiming it. What it props up This single false Met is load-bearing. The Score tab reports “Preferred coverage 100%” and lists “Demonstrated: Experience with Supabase” among the candidate's STRENGTHS — and Supabase is the only preferred requirement on the role. So a headline 100% and a named strength both rest entirely on a sentence in which the candidate says they are less experienced with it. UX FIX Where the deterministic run and the AI review disagree, show both verdicts and refuse to resolve silently. A single “Met” chip hides the most useful thing on the page. LOVABLE PROMPT The v1.5.1 self-deprecating-qualifier guard is not firing. Candidate 5afc1b56, scored under v1.5.2, shows "Experience with Supabase — Met" quoting "I'm less experienced with React/Supabase", the exact phrase engine-version.ts names as a negation cue. Write a failing unit test from that literal sentence, then fix the cue matching — check whether the qualifier is missed because it sits mid-sentence after a positive clause, or because cues are applied to the whole passage rather than the span around the matched term. Also add a disagreement banner to the evidence record whenever the scoring-run status and the AI review status differ. BLOCKER F4 — A named-product requirement credited from quotes that never mention the product /admin/candidates/5afc1b56-2b9c-4ed9-962a-bc86dd98fe98?tab=evidence Saw (verbatim) Experience with Lovable for rapid website and application development MUST HAVE Thin "Gateway. ● Full-Stack E-commerce JavaScript Node.js Express MongoDB → Application featuring a dynamic product catalog…" Source: scoring run · Partial matched: application, development and on the same page: MUST: Experience with Lovable — Missing There is no mention of Lovable experience in the candidate's CV or screening answers. Expected Missing. engine-version.ts v1.5.1 guard 1 says a requirement naming specific products can only reach “met” when one of those names appears. This row reached partial on the framing words application and development — and v1.5.0 change 3 was written to stop framing words earning credit. Consequence The quotes offered as proof of “Lovable” are about MongoDB, Express and Jenkins. UX FIX A requirement naming a product should show that name highlighted in the quote, or show nothing. If absent, the row reads “Not evidenced” with near-miss passages behind a “why we looked here” disclosure. LOVABLE PROMPT The v1.5.1 named-product gate is applied only to "met", not to "partial". Candidate 5afc1b56 shows "Experience with Lovable" as Partial with matched terms "application, development" and quotes about MongoDB/Express/Jenkins. Extend the gate so a requirement containing a proper-noun product name cannot reach met OR partial unless one of those names appears in the captured passage, and exclude "application" and "development" from the keyword set for such requirements per the v1.5.0 change-3 rationale. MAJOR F5 — The client's counts silently drop the unreadable candidate entirely /client?org=815fcb92…&preview=client_admin Saw (verbatim) 12 applications are in review with TaaSFlow right now — nothing for you to do until we publish them. Arithmetic Admin reports 15 in pipeline: 2 Visible, 13 Hidden. 13 − 1 (GGM, ocr_required ) = the 12 shown. He is in no bucket the client can see. Expected Per 1.1 the only permitted gap is STAGES_WITHOUT_LANE (on_hold / withdrawn). This is neither. Code src/lib/client-overview.functions.ts — the in_review_by_taasflow read filters processing_state to a hand-written array that omits ocr_required . client-pipeline-lane.ts documents and defends this exact back-door exclusion for stages; the processing-state axis has no equivalent guard. UX FIX Count blocked candidates and say so: “12 in review · 1 needs a readable CV before we can assess it.” LOVABLE PROMPT In src/lib/client-overview.functions.ts the in_review_by_taasflow count filters processing_state against a hand-written array omitting ocr_required, so a candidate needing OCR is counted nowhere on the client overview. Define PROCESSING_STATE_VALUES in src/lib/vocabulary.ts pinned to the migrations the way POSITION_STATUS_VALUES is, derive this filter from it, and add a blocked/needs-OCR count to the overview payload. MAJOR F6 — The Interviewing count includes a cancelled interview /client/candidates?org=0c86fa1b-94ee-46b8-9a11-a42cee39bfed&preview=client_admin Steps Northwind candidate list. Read the INTERVIEWING tile, then find every row labelled Interviewing. Saw (verbatim) INTERVIEWING 2 Marta Nunes … 90 Top Interviewing Make offer Rui Almeida … 83 Strong Interview cancelled Make offer Expected Per 1.5, a candidate whose only interview was cancelled must not read “Interviewing”. The row label is right; the tile counting him is wrong. One person is interviewing, the tile says two. Code src/lib/client-pipeline-lane.ts — by design “the stored stage decides the lane” and an interview is “a milestone within the stage, not a lane move”. That rule is right for entering an interview and wrong for leaving one: a cancellation leaves stage = interview_process untouched, so the lane keeps counting him while the row label, computed from interview status, correctly says cancelled. Secondary His action button reads Make offer — offered for someone whose interview was cancelled. UX FIX A cancelled sole interview should return the candidate to Shortlisted with a “interview cancelled” note, and the primary action should be Request interview, not Make offer. LOVABLE PROMPT On the Northwind client candidate list the INTERVIEWING tile counts 2 but only one candidate is interviewing; Rui Almeida shows "Interview cancelled" and is still counted, because the lane in src/lib/client-pipeline-lane.ts is derived from stage alone and a cancellation does not move the stage. Decide the rule explicitly: either move the match back to shortlisted when its last interview is cancelled, or make laneFor treat interview_process with no live interview as shortlisted. Whichever you choose, the tile, the board column and the row label must all read it from that one place, and his primary action must stop being "Make offer". MAJOR F7 — The same evidence figure reads 75% on the record and 100% on the queue /admin/scoring/review vs /admin/candidates/482592a8-c69a-4ddd-ab24-67f6372ea9af?tab=evidence Steps Scoring review → “Blocking a client deliverable” → read the evidence column for KE 482592a8 . Then open her evidence record header. Saw (verbatim) Review queue: Kendy Elisca Strong · 77 evidence 100% (1/1) Her record header: 77 Strong data completeness 91% · evidence coverage 75% · scored against criteria version 1 · scoring method v1.5.2 Expected One number. The role carries 8 requirements and her own evidence graph reports “8 requirements · 6 with verified quotes · 2 with no evidence”. A denominator of 1 is not any count on that record, and 100% is asserted for a candidate with two unevidenced requirements. Second failure mode The same column reads evidence — for the other seven rows, including MPO 5afc1b56 , whose record header reports evidence coverage 88% . So the queue shows a wrong number for one candidate and no number for a candidate that has one. Shape Two surfaces answering the same question differently (#1), and a percentage with no supporting denominator (#3). This is the surface staff use to decide who reaches a client. UX FIX The queue should show the same fraction the record shows, as a fraction rather than a percentage — “6/8 quoted” is unambiguous where “100% (1/1)” is actively misleading. If the figure cannot be resolved, print nothing rather than a dash that looks like zero. LOVABLE PROMPT The evidence column on /admin/scoring/review disagrees with the evidence record. Candidate 482592a8 shows "evidence 100% (1/1)" in the queue and "evidence coverage 75%" on its own record, where the evidence graph counts 8 requirements with 6 verified quotes and 2 with no evidence; seven other rows show "evidence —" while their records carry a coverage figure. Find the source of the queue's (n/d) pair — it is almost certainly counting only rows that carry a stored confidence value rather than all requirements — and make both surfaces read one shared selector that returns quoted-count and requirement-count together. MAJOR F8 — Positions says every open role has an owner; Team says none of them do /admin/positions vs /admin/team Saw (verbatim) Positions → Ownership & coverage: 0 flagged · 0 without owner · 3 inactive owner · 3 without backup Senior Full-Stack Engineer Northwind Talent (Demo) James Cameron Inactive No backup Structural Engineer BRPH Jamie Stengle Inactive No backup Technical Product Developer OMNIFLOW JOHN KASPRZAK Inactive No backup Team → Workload: 2 open roles · 14 active candidates · 2 delivered to clients (7d) John Kasprzak Platform admin 0 open roles 0 active candidates Unassigned or inactive owner No owner assigned 2 open roles 14 active candidates The disagreement Positions reports 0 without owner. Team attributes every open role to a bucket named “No owner assigned”. Per 2.2 both are supposed to resolve staff through loadStaffOptions . Which is wrong, and why Positions is wrong. The three names it prints as role owners are the client contacts — James Cameron is Northwind's primary contact, Jamie Stengle is BRPH's, JOHN KASPRZAK is the contact on the OMNIFLOW record. None is a TaaSFlow recruiter, which is exactly why all three resolve as “Inactive”. Team resolves through staff and correctly finds that no staff member owns any open role. Positions is answering “who is the contact for this role” and labelling it ownership. Consequence Nobody at TaaSFlow owns any open role, and the Positions panel hides that behind “0 without owner” and an “Inactive” badge that reads like a staffing hiccup rather than an empty accountability line. The same client-contact name is printed as the assignee on work-queue rows whose action is ours (“Candidates awaiting decision — awaiting an admin approve, hold, or reject decision” shows JOHN KASPRZAK). Not a defect The 3-vs-2 open-role difference is explained on screen: Workload states “‘Open’ means approved, active or paused — roles still in intake are counted under Ownership & coverage on Positions, not here,” and BRPH's role is submitted . That part is correct and well written. UX FIX An owner must be a staff member or the field must read “Unassigned”. Print the client contact in its own column labelled Client contact, and let “without owner” count roles with no staff owner — which today is all of them. LOVABLE PROMPT The Ownership & coverage panel on /admin/positions resolves a role's owner to the client's primary contact (James Cameron, Jamie Stengle, JOHN KASPRZAK) and reports "0 without owner" while marking all three "Inactive"; /admin/team Workload resolves the same roles through loadStaffOptions and buckets them under "Unassigned or inactive owner — No owner assigned". Make Ownership & coverage resolve owners through loadStaffOptions only, count a non-staff or missing owner as "without owner", and show the client contact separately. The work queue's per- row assignee avatar has the same bug and must not show a client contact as the owner of an internal action. MAJOR F9 — The Stale scores queue lists a candidate who has no score, and offers to recompute it /admin Saw (verbatim) Stale scores 16 Candidates whose score inputs changed after assessment. GUSTAVO G MASS SLA +1D Technical Product Developer – Full Stack & Integrations · OMNIFLOW · Assessed with an older engine version Stale Recompute Expected GGM 60eb0e69 has no score at all — his own workspace reads “No score — CV unreadable” and /admin/parse-failures lists him under “Needs OCR”. A score that does not exist cannot have been “assessed with an older engine version”, and Recompute cannot produce one: the document still has to be OCR'd first. Per 2.1 The tile's number is a different question from its list — membership is being decided by the stored run's engine version without first asking whether a published score exists. Related risk Your audit #6 notes record a Recompute on an archived candidate producing a failed job. This offers the same dead action on an unreadable one. UX FIX Exclude candidates with a voided score from Stale scores entirely — they already have a queue (Unreadable docs) with the correct action. If they must appear, the action reads Run OCR, not Recompute. LOVABLE PROMPT The Stale scores tile in src/lib/admin-ops.server.ts selects candidates whose run engine_version differs from ENGINE_VERSION without checking whether a published score exists, so candidate 60eb0e69 (processing_state ocr_required, no score) is listed as "Stale" with a Recompute action that cannot succeed. Filter the query through the same scoreVoidedByUnreadableCv() guard the resolver uses, and route voided candidates to the Unreadable docs queue instead. MAJOR F10 — 150 of the 187 “items waiting on the team” are one broken webhook, repeated /admin Saw (verbatim) 187 items waiting on the team. Every row opens the one action it needs. Delivery failures to retry (7d) 150 GUSTAVO G MASS The internal lead alert did not reach the Teams channel. · internal Unassigned 4 days ago Fix GUSTAVO G MASS The internal lead alert did not reach the Teams channel. · internal Unassigned 4 days ago Fix Felipe Negrelle Ramos The internal lead alert did not reach the Teams channel. · internal Unassigned 4 days ago Fix Problem 150 of 187 items — 80% of the entire work queue — are the same internal Teams alert failing, and the same candidate appears more than once (GGM twice in the first eight rows alone). The tile's own description is “Email or message failures … where a retry can still get through”, but retrying 150 times will not fix a webhook. Every genuine item — 1 approval, 8 decisions, 7 overdue clients, 3 interviews — is numerically drowned by it. Note These are internal notifications, not client or candidate mail, so no client is currently missing messages because of this. The harm is that the queue's headline number is meaningless. UX FIX Group delivery failures by cause and channel into one row — “Teams channel unreachable — 150 alerts since 28 Aug — Fix integration” — and exclude internal-only failures from the headline count of work waiting on a person. One broken integration is one item, not 150. LOVABLE PROMPT On /admin the Delivery failures tile counts 150 individual rows that are all the same internal Teams webhook failure, with duplicate rows per candidate, making up 80% of the "187 items waiting on the team" headline. Group delivery failures by (channel, error cause) into a single actionable row with an occurrence count, deduplicate per candidate per cause, and exclude internal-channel failures from the top-level work-waiting count so the headline reflects human work. MAJOR F11 — The Settings desk never loads /admin/settings Steps Open /admin/settings. Wait. Repeat. Saw Three separate visits, waiting 6s, 10s and 12s. The page renders its shell — top bar “Settings”, tabs “Team & access | Settings” — and then grey skeleton placeholders where every panel should be, indefinitely. main contains only: Team & access Settings Loading page… There is no h1 , no content, no error, and no retry. Console captured no error on reload. Expected Content, or a failure state with a reason and a Retry. Per 1.3's principle applied to admin: a read that never resolves must not present as a page that is merely slow forever. Impact An entire desk in the sidebar is unreachable. Whatever platform configuration lives here cannot be seen or changed through the UI. UX FIX Bound the load the way the client overview already does with withQueryTimeout , and render a QueryErrorCard with Retry when it expires. A permanent skeleton is the worst of both worlds: it looks healthy and never resolves. LOVABLE PROMPT /admin/settings renders skeleton placeholders forever — "Loading page…" with no h1 and no content after 12 seconds, reproducible across visits, no console error. Find the query or route loader that never settles (compare against the pattern in src/routes/_authenticated/client.index.tsx, which wraps reads in withQueryTimeout and renders QueryErrorCard on failure), apply the same bounded-read + error-state treatment, and add a route-level test that asserts the page reaches a settled state. MAJOR F12 — Intake accepts a protected-characteristic dealbreaker and echoes it back as an accepted rule /intake — step 3, “What rules someone out?” The promise The field's own helper text states: Keep these about the work: experience, credentials, availability, notice or location. Anything tied to age, sex, race, religion, disability, pregnancy or another protected characteristic is removed before sourcing. Saw (verbatim) The saved draft on this workspace carries a stored dealbreaker, and the final review screen renders it back unaltered and unflagged: RULES SOMEONE OUT no citizenship Problem The only safeguard is advisory copy. Nothing validates the entry, warns at the point of typing, or marks it for removal, and the last screen before submission shows it as an accepted rule alongside the legitimate ones. A client reasonably reads that as “this will be applied”. Scope, honestly “no citizenship” is ambiguous — it may be shorthand for a legitimate work-authorisation requirement, which the form already asks about separately under Visa sponsorship. And this dealbreaker is not currently capping anyone: I checked the disqualified candidate RT 1ecaf69b , and the answer that failed is “Are you fluent in professional English?” → No → Misaligned, which is a work-related criterion. So this is a gap in the entry safeguard, not evidence of discriminatory scoring today. The role was not submitted, so whether the stated stripping happens later is untested. Why it still matters The product makes a compliance promise at the point of entry and then keeps the text verbatim through to the confirmation screen. Either enforce it where it is promised, or stop promising it there. I am not a lawyer and this is worth a real legal read rather than my judgement. UX FIX Validate on blur. If an entry matches a protected-characteristic pattern, keep the text but show it struck through with “We will not use this — it is tied to a protected characteristic. Did you mean a work-authorisation requirement?” and offer the visa question instead. The review screen must never display a rule the system intends to discard as though it were accepted. LOVABLE PROMPT On /intake the "What rules someone out?" field promises "Anything tied to age, sex, race, religion, disability, pregnancy or another protected characteristic is removed before sourcing", but entries are stored and echoed verbatim on the final review screen with no validation or flag — a saved draft shows "RULES SOMEONE OUT: no citizenship". Add client- and server-side screening of dealbreaker text against a protected-characteristic term list (including citizenship and national origin), surface a non-blocking warning at entry that offers the existing visa-sponsorship question as the correct alternative, and mark any flagged entry visibly as excluded on the review screen so it is never shown as an accepted rule. MAJOR F13 — “Repair processing” offered on a record whose own banner says nothing is broken /admin/candidates/1ecaf69b-7a35-49ec-a556-3a8df6da536e Saw (verbatim) Ramon Tardetti manual review required 15 Not recommended Disqualified by screening answer A screening answer failed a dealbreaker for this role, so the score is capped. The assessment itself completed — review the Screening tab to see the answer… Next step: Repair processing processing: manual review required Problem Three things disagree on one screen. The banner says the assessment completed. The processing state says manual review required. The primary action offers to Repair processing that the banner just said is fine. The candidate list separately describes him accurately as disqualified by screening . Root cause A correctly capped candidate is parked in the manual_review_required processing state, so every surface keyed off processing state offers repair actions, while surfaces keyed off the screening outcome tell the true story. This is the same overloaded-state problem as F9 — manual_review_required is carrying “a human must look” and “processing broke” at once. Also The disqualification message is rendered twice on the page, once in the alert strip and again in the Next step card. UX FIX A dealbreaker cap is an outcome, not a fault. The primary action should be “Review the answer” or “Override the dealbreaker” — both of which already exist on the page — and Repair processing should not be offered at all. LOVABLE PROMPT Candidate 1ecaf69b is correctly capped by a screening dealbreaker and its banner states "The assessment itself completed", yet its processing_state is manual_review_required and the primary Next step action is "Repair processing". Give screening disqualification its own processing state (or a separate disqualified flag) so it is not conflated with a processing fault, drive the Next step action from that, and de-duplicate the disqualification banner which currently renders twice on the same screen. MAJOR F14 — Candidates are screened against a pay range that is R$500 below the advertised one /jobs/…bf2a3410 vs /admin/candidates/1ecaf69b…?tab=screening Saw (verbatim) Public job page, THE DECIDING FACTS: COMPENSATION R$3,500 to R$5,000 per month The job board card and the client's own role brief agree with that figure. But screening question 3, which every applicant answers, reads: This role is offered as a PJ (Pessoa Jurídica - independent contractor) in Brazil, with a monthly compensation range of R$3,500–R$4,500. Does this compensation structure and location align with your expectations and capabilities? Problem Three surfaces publish R$3,500–R$5,000 — the public board card, the public role page, and the client's compensation card. The screening question says R$3,500–R$4,500. Candidates are asked to confirm alignment with a ceiling R$500 a month lower than the one they were recruited on, and their yes/no answer is stored and fed into scoring: RT 1ecaf69b answered “Yes” to the lower figure and it is recorded as Aligned. Why it matters A candidate who would decline at R$4,500 but accept at R$5,000 can screen themselves out, and the record will show they agreed to terms that were never the terms. It is also the one number in the pipeline a candidate is most likely to hold you to. Likely cause The screening question text is authored once at role setup and stores the range as free text inside the question string, rather than referencing the position's compensation record. Nothing re-checks it when the range changes. UX FIX Never restate a stored figure inside free-text copy. The compensation screening question should interpolate the live range from the position record, so it cannot drift, and the role page should be the single place the number is authored. LOVABLE PROMPT The compensation screening question for position bf2a3410 hard-codes "R$3,500–R$4,500" in its question text while the position's own compensation record publishes "R$3,500 to R$5,000 per month" on the job board, the public role page and the client compensation card. Make screening questions that reference pay interpolate the range from the position's compensation record through the same resolver public-facts.ts uses, add a check that flags any screening question containing a currency figure that does not match the stored range, and re-generate the question for this role. MAJOR F15 — Every captured lead has a failed delivery channel /admin/lead-delivery Saw (verbatim) Every lead captured on the website, with the real result of its Teams message and internal email alert. Nothing here is inferred — each row is a recorded delivery attempt. LEADS SHOWN 100 WITH A FAILED CHANNEL 100 LATEST LEAD 01 Sep 2026, 09:42 GMT-3 Problem 100 of 100. Every lead captured on the website, up to and including one from this morning, has at least one failed delivery channel. Read with /admin/integrations (“Email delivery — Needs attention”) and the 148 failed Teams alerts, the reasonable conclusion is that inbound leads are not reliably reaching anyone. Status Not a code defect I can pin to a file — it reads as an integration outage. But it is the highest-value thing on any screen I opened, and nothing on the main work queue communicates it: those 150 rows are counted as individually retryable items rather than surfaced as “every lead since 28 August has failed to reach you”. UX FIX A 100% failure rate on a business-critical channel deserves a banner on /admin, not a tile buried three tabs deep. Show “Lead alerts: 100 of 100 failed” at the top of the work queue with a link to the integration. LOVABLE PROMPT /admin/lead-delivery reports 100 of 100 captured leads with a failed delivery channel, latest 01 Sep, while /admin/integrations reports Email delivery and CRM (Attio, 16 queued) needing attention. Surface a top-level alert on /admin when a delivery channel's failure rate over the last 7 days exceeds a threshold, naming the channel and the count, so a total outage cannot present as 150 individually retryable rows. MAJOR F16 — A TaaSFlow SLA breach is shown to the client as the client's own inaction /client/interviews?org=0c86fa1b…&preview=client_admin Saw (verbatim) Waiting on you to confirm a time 3 interviews Laura Fernández Senior Full-Stack Engineer No times still available — we will send new ones Diogo Martins Senior Full-Stack Engineer No times still available — we will send new ones Marta Nunes Senior Full-Stack Engineer No times still available — we will send new ones No interviews to review Coming up Needs times · waiting 6 days · Marta Nunes · No times sent yet Three problems in one block (a) The heading says the client must confirm a time, while every row states no times have been sent. There is nothing for them to confirm. (b) “3 interviews” sits directly above “No interviews to review”. (c) The rows say both “No times still available — we will send new ones” and “No times sent yet” for the same interview — the first implies times were sent and expired, the second that none ever were. Whose turn it actually is Admin is unambiguous. The work queue lists these same three under “Interviews to coordinate — Requested or being scheduled, still without a confirmed time” with the action Coordinate, owned by TaaSFlow. And the SLA desk records the resulting breach: Senior Full-Stack Engineer · Northwind Talent (Demo) Interview slots: 267.5h vs 24h — slots are eleven days past a 24-hour commitment. Why this is the worst copy defect in the product The client screen takes a commitment TaaSFlow has missed by eleven days and presents it to the client as work waiting on them. Everywhere else this product is scrupulous about naming who owes what — the Offers page has a “Whose turn it is” column, and “Answers we owe candidates” is built entirely around owning failures. This one screen inverts it. UX FIX Group by holder, not by object. These belong under “Waiting on TaaSFlow — we owe you times for 3 interviews, requested 4–6 days ago”, with the client section empty and honest. Pick one status string per interview and derive it from whether any slot has ever been proposed. LOVABLE PROMPT /client/interviews puts three interviews under the heading "Waiting on you to confirm a time" when no slots have ever been proposed for any of them — each row reads "No times sent yet" — and renders "No interviews to review" in the same block. Admin's work queue correctly assigns the same three to TaaSFlow as "Interviews to coordinate", and the SLA desk shows the breach at 267.5h against a 24h commitment. Derive the holder from whether any slot has been proposed, move un-slotted interviews to a "Waiting on TaaSFlow" group, remove the contradictory empty state, and reconcile the two mutually exclusive row strings ("No times still available — we will send new ones" vs "No times sent yet") into one derived from the record. MAJOR F17 — The publish desk blocks candidates the record itself does not block /admin/publish vs the candidate evidence record How this surfaced Found by executing the eight approvals, not by reading. The publish desk marked all eight OMNIFLOW candidates ✗ Evidence / “Blocked — 1 reason”. Two of the eight were never actually blocked. Saw (verbatim) Publish desk, for KE 482592a8 and WF b31b0279 : ✓ Score ✗ Evidence ✓ No contradictions ✓ Client-safe ✗ Approved ✓ Binding Blocked — 1 reason · Readiness checks have not all passed yet. Their own evidence records, opened seconds later: KE: 5 of 7 must-have criteria fully evidenced · 2 thin [no block line] WF: 3 of 7 must-have criteria fully evidenced · 4 thin [no block line] Neither record carried a “Submission blocked — missing evidence” line, neither offered an override control, and both went straight through Approve → Publish with no override required. Problem The desk's Evidence check and the record's submission gate answer the same question differently. The desk counts thin requirements as a failure; the gate only blocks on missing ones. Staff working the desk are told a candidate cannot be published when they can, and are sent to “Open the record to clear this” where there is nothing to clear. Cost This is why “Ready to publish” read 0. Two candidates — including KE at 77, one of the two strongest in the roster — sat unpublished behind a blocker that did not exist. UX FIX The desk must read the same gate the record enforces. If thin evidence is worth surfacing, show it as a warning chip that does not read as a block, and reserve ✗ for conditions that actually prevent publishing. LOVABLE PROMPT The Evidence readiness check on /admin/publish reports "✗ Evidence · Blocked — 1 reason" for candidates whose evidence record has no submission block and no override control — confirmed for 482592a8 and b31b0279, both of which published with no override. The desk appears to fail the check on "thin"/partial requirements while the record's gate only blocks on missing must-haves. Make both read one shared readiness selector, and separate "warning" from "blocking" in the checklist UI so a passable candidate is never shown as blocked. MAJOR F18 — Form errors name the field but are unreachable without sight /jobs/bf2a3410…/apply — step 1 Steps Clear the required Full name field and press Continue. Saw (verbatim) This step needs a little more Check the highlighted fields below. Everything you have already entered is kept. Enter your full name The visible copy is good: it names the field and reassures the applicant nothing was lost. What the DOM actually exposes inputsWithAriaInvalid: [] ← no input carries aria-invalid="true" summaryRole: "alert" ← the summary is announced… summaryTabIndex: -1 ← …but cannot be focused summaryHasLinks: 0 ← and offers no jump-to-field link activeEl: BUTTON / "Continue →" ← focus never moves off the button Problem The instruction is “Check the highlighted fields below” — highlighting is a purely visual cue. Nothing associates the error with the input programmatically, focus is not moved to the first invalid field, and the summary cannot be tabbed to. A keyboard-only or screen-reader applicant is told something is wrong and given no way to find it except tabbing the whole form blind. On the candidate-facing surface, this is the population least able to absorb the friction. Note Your QA report marks F-013 “A11y / Responsive — Mobile verification at 375px” as Fixed. That was a layout pass; this is a semantics gap and is still open. UX FIX On failed submit, move focus to the first invalid field. Set aria-invalid="true" and wire aria-describedby to the message so the field announces its own error. Make the summary a focusable list of links that jump to each field, and drop the word “highlighted” for something non-visual. LOVABLE PROMPT On the candidate apply form, a failed step validation renders an accurate visible error ("Enter your full name") under a role="alert" summary, but no input receives aria-invalid="true", no aria-describedby links the message to its field, the summary has tabIndex -1 with no links, and focus stays on the Continue button. Set aria-invalid and aria-describedby on every invalid input, move focus to the first invalid field on submit, make the error summary focusable with in-page links to each field, and reword "Check the highlighted fields below" so it does not rely on a visual cue. Apply the same treatment to the /intake form. MAJOR F19 — A requirement quoted twice and marked Met to staff reads “no direct evidence” to the client /admin/candidates/5afc1b56…?tab=evidence vs /client/candidates/5afc1b56… Admin evidence record, MPO 5afc1b56 * Ability to troubleshoot and solve technical problems independently MUST HAVE Evidenced "TikTok APIs, preparing integrations for use in production environments." Source: scoring run · Met "Diagnosed and resolved critical issues involving Google OAuth, Auth.js, and account persistence, increasing authentication reliability…" Source: scoring run · Met The AI review on the same record agrees: “Met — The candidate's experience at ByBooker clearly demonstrates independent troubleshooting and problem-solving.” The client's card for the same candidate and the same run What holds it back We found no direct evidence for "Ability to troubleshoot and solve technical problems independently". This holds the score down. Why the card's own disclaimer does not explain it The client card carries a deliberate caveat — “Where the two differ, the list is what we can show you a quote for” — which would justify the client being more conservative than the engine. But here the admin record has two verbatim CV quotes with character offsets for this requirement. The client is not falling back to what can be quoted; it is discarding rows that are quoted. Scale Admin reports 3 fully evidenced · 3 thin · 1 missing across 7 must-haves. The client reports 3 evidenced · 4 no evidence , and names troubleshooting and practical web security among the four — both of which carry Met quotes on the staff record. Consequence A candidate is presented to a paying client as weaker than the evidence on file supports, and the three lines under “What holds it back” are the sentences a client reads before deciding whether to interview. Note this cuts the opposite way to F3 and F4: those inflate a verdict, this one deflates it. Both are the same keyword matcher (your own F-007) producing rows nobody can reconcile. UX FIX One requirement, one status, derived once server-side and rendered by both surfaces. If the client applies a stricter quote test than staff, staff must see that stricter status too — otherwise a recruiter approves against a picture the client will never see. LOVABLE PROMPT For candidate 5afc1b56 the admin evidence record shows "Ability to troubleshoot and solve technical problems independently" as Met with two verbatim CV quotes and character offsets, while the client candidate card lists it under "What holds it back — We found no direct evidence". Admin counts 3 fully evidenced / 3 thin / 1 missing; the client counts 3 evidenced / 4 no evidence for the same run. Find the two separate derivations of requirement status (src/lib/client/requirement-status.ts resolveRequirementStatus versus whatever the admin evidence record uses), collapse them into one server-side resolver returning a single status plus its quotes, and have both surfaces render that. Add a test asserting a requirement with at least one stored quote can never render as "no direct evidence" on the client. MAJOR F20 — The client is invited to request interviews that already exist, and to offer to people never interviewed /client/candidates?org=0c86fa1b… cross-referenced with /admin/interviews Saw (verbatim) Client candidate list: Laura Fernández 88 Top Shortlisted Request interview Diogo Martins 83 Strong Shortlisted Request interview Marta Nunes 90 Top Interviewing Make offer Rui Almeida 83 Strong Interview cancelled Make offer Admin, for the same four people: Awaiting a time — 3 · The client asked to interview — propose or confirm a slot. requested Marta Nunes Requested 26 Aug 2026 requested Diogo Martins Requested 27 Aug 2026 requested Laura Fernández Requested 27 Aug 2026 Three separate defects in four rows (a) Per 1.5, a candidate whose interview is already requested must not be offered “Request interview” again. Laura and Diogo each have a live request 5–6 days old, tracked on the admin work queue, and the client is invited to raise another. (b) Marta reads “Interviewing” and is offered “Make offer”, but no interview has happened — hers is a request still awaiting a slot. The client is invited to make an offer to someone they have never met. (c) Rui reads “Interview cancelled” and is also offered “Make offer” (see also the Interviewing-count finding). Common cause Both the stage label and the primary action are derived from the stored stage alone, with no reference to whether an interview exists, has a confirmed time, was completed, or was cancelled. client-pipeline- lane.ts states this deliberately — “the interview is a milestone within the stage, not a lane move” — which is a sound rule for counting and the wrong rule for choosing the next action. Note on method Established entirely from existing state on two surfaces; nothing was clicked. Whether a second request actually creates a duplicate interview record is untested — that needs a real client session. UX FIX Derive the primary action from the interview record, not the stage. With a request outstanding it should read “Interview requested — awaiting times from TaaSFlow” and offer nothing; “Make offer” should appear only once an interview is completed. LOVABLE PROMPT On the client candidate list, the stage label and primary action come from candidate_matches.stage alone. Laura Fernández and Diogo Martins are offered "Request interview" while each already has an interview in requested state (visible on /admin/interviews as "Awaiting a time"); Marta Nunes shows "Interviewing / Make offer" with only a requested interview and none held; Rui Almeida shows "Interview cancelled / Make offer". Compute the primary action from the latest interview record for the match — none, requested, scheduled, completed, cancelled — suppress "Request interview" whenever a live request exists, and gate "Make offer" on a completed interview. Keep lane counting on stage as client-pipeline-lane.ts documents; this is about the action, not the lane. MAJOR F21 — A paying client is told six workers are “On and working”; two have never done anything /client/agents?org=0c86fa1b…&preview=client_admin The page's own promise These are the workers on your account. Each one shows what it does, what it is doing now, and what it produced this week. Saw (verbatim) Sourcing — Finds people who match an open role and adds them to the role's longlist. On and working. LAST THING IT DID: Nothing yet. PRODUCED THIS WEEK: 0 Market Research — Compares your role against closed searches to flag unrealistic requirements or pay. On and working. LAST THING IT DID: Nothing yet. PRODUCED THIS WEEK: 0 Screening — On and working. LAST THING IT DID: A candidate passed human review… (4 days ago) 1 Outreach — On and working. LAST THING IT DID: A message was sent… (6 days ago) 2 Scheduling— On and working. LAST THING IT DID: An interview was cancelled… (6 days ago) 1 Problem “On and working” is derived from the on/off toggle, not from activity. An agent that has never run is presented identically to one that ran this morning — and the page explicitly promises to show “what it is doing now”. Screening, Outreach and Scheduling back the claim with a real event. Sourcing and Market Research contradict it two lines below their own status. Corroboration Sourcing is not merely quiet, it has produced nothing at all: /admin/operations attributes 33 of 33 candidates to “Public job board — inbound”, with every other channel at zero. Nothing has ever been sourced on this account. Second defect on the same page Scheduling's weekly production is 1, and the thing it produced is “An interview was cancelled”. A cancellation is being counted as output. Worse, Scheduling claims to “offer interview slots from your availability and confirm the booking” and reports itself working, while three interviews have had no times sent for 4–6 days and the SLA desk records the breach at 267.5h against a 24h commitment. Why this is the highest commercial-risk item in this report Every other finding is a number or a label being wrong. This one tells a paying customer that the part of the service they are buying is running when it has never run. It is also the page a client is most likely to screenshot in a dispute. Nothing here is fraudulent — the status is simply wired to the wrong signal — but that is not the reading a client will reach on their own. The public site already solved this The marketing page /agents makes the same six-agent claim but qualifies it explicitly: Operating state describes how each agent is configured — not a live reading. Activity examples are labelled representative data. The paying client's dashboard carries no such line and presents "On and working" as a live status. The correct disclaimer exists, on the page with the least at stake, and is missing from the page a customer will judge you by. Note also that /agents advertises "a dedicated agent on each of 23 talent signal streams" while the client roster shows six agents and Operations attributes every candidate to a single channel ("Public job board — inbound", 33 of 33); I could not locate the 23 anywhere in the product. Positioning note, not a defect Separately worth a decision: this page presents TaaSFlow to clients as six autonomous AI workers, which sits awkwardly beside the current positioning of a volume recruiting service delivered by people. That is a product call, not a bug. UX FIX Derive the status from the last recorded action, not the toggle. Three states: Working (acted within the period), Idle (enabled, nothing to do — say why: “no open role needs sourcing”), Never run . And count only positive outcomes as production — a cancellation belongs in an exceptions line, not in “produced this week”. LOVABLE PROMPT On /client/agents the "On and working" status comes from the agent's enabled flag rather than its activity, so Sourcing and Market Research display "On and working" directly above "LAST THING IT DID: Nothing yet" and "PRODUCED THIS WEEK: 0" — and Operations shows 33 of 33 candidates attributed to inbound, meaning Sourcing has never produced anything on this account. Derive the status label from the most recent recorded agent action: Working when it acted inside the reporting window, Idle with a stated reason when enabled but with nothing queued, and Never run when it has no recorded action. Also exclude negative events from "produced this week" — Scheduling currently counts "An interview was cancelled" as its output for the week. MAJOR F22 — “Your data advantage” tells the demo client they hold zero evidence, and its provenance panel reports a query limit as a record count /client/data?org=0c86fa1b… (Northwind) and ?org=815fcb92… (OMNIFLOW) The page's promise Everything on this page is counted from your own records. Click the information mark on any figure to see the tables it was read from and how many records went into it. Defect 1 — the demo workspace reports no evidence Northwind shows EVIDENCE ITEMS: 0. Its provenance panel: Where this comes from — Evidence items extracted from CVs and reviewed against your role requirements. Records: 0 Window: All records held Read from: candidate_evidence_items Yet the same workspace's comparison modal renders a full requirement grid for three candidates with Met / Partially met / Not evidenced per row, and each candidate detail page offers “Show evidence (2)” with verbatim quotes. The client-facing evidence UI clearly reads somewhere else (the run's stored evidence), while this counter reads candidate_evidence_items , which holds nothing for this tenant. OMNIFLOW, whose candidates went through the live pipeline, shows 10 — so the table is populated by real processing and was never written for the seeded demo data. Why that placement is unfortunate Northwind is the workspace you show prospects. The page built to demonstrate the platform's accumulated data value tells a prospect they have zero evidence items, on the same visit where every candidate card shows quoted evidence. Defect 2 — the provenance panel reports the row cap, not the count PEOPLE KNOWN displays 32. Its own provenance panel says: Distinct people linked to your organisation in the talent graph. One row per person, not per application. Records: 1,000 Window: All records held Read from: talent_graph_edges, talent_persons 32 on the tile, 1,000 in the panel meant to justify it. A round 1,000 is the signature of a .limit(1000) being rendered as the record count. The provenance feature is the best idea on this page — and this is the one number in it that cannot be trusted. Tested and disproved Northwind's 32 against its 14 candidates looked like cross-tenant leakage. It is not: OMNIFLOW returns 16 / 10 / 0 where Northwind returns 32 / 0 / 73, so the page is correctly org-scoped. Recorded here so nobody re-raises it. UX FIX Count evidence from whatever the candidate UI renders from, so the two can never disagree; if candidate_evidence_items is the intended home, backfill the demo workspace. And have the provenance panel report the rows actually counted, with the cap shown separately if one applies (“32 counted, capped at 1,000”). LOVABLE PROMPT On /client/data the EVIDENCE ITEMS tile counts rows in candidate_evidence_items, which is empty for the Northwind demo workspace (shows 0) while that workspace's comparison grid and candidate pages render quoted evidence for every candidate from the score run. Point the counter at the same source the client evidence UI reads, or backfill candidate_evidence_items for seeded data. Separately, the PEOPLE KNOWN provenance popover reports "Records: 1,000" for a tile displaying 32 — it is rendering the query's limit rather than the number of rows counted; report the actual count and surface the cap as a separate line only when it binds. MAJOR F23 — Public performance metrics the platform's own records cannot support /case-studies Saw (verbatim) POSITIONS DELIVERED 175+ CITIES ENGAGED 18 MEDIAN TIME TO SHORTLIST 7d CLIENT SHORTLIST RATING 9.1/10 12-MONTH RETENTION 92% OFFER ACCEPTANCE 86% Six engagements across hospitality, finance, healthcare, tech, consumer, and industrial… 3 hospitality groups · 2 PE funds · 1 clinic network · 1 Series C platform · 1 DTC scale-up · 1 industrial group The page's hedge: Metrics reflect aggregate delivery performance across representative TaaSFlow engagements in each vertical. Named case studies with written client approval are added individually as each client signs off on attribution. What the platform actually holds One confirmed hire, in the Northwind demo workspace. Three client organisations exist: one prospect with an open role, one demo, one prospect with an unpaid submission. Operations attributes 33 candidates in total and 1 hired. The Calibration desk states: “Only 9 scored candidates have a downstream outcome recorded (need 20+ before drift figures mean anything).” The Timing panel reports “Sample too small — 2 completed” for intake-to-first-submission. The claim that cannot be true either way 12-MONTH RETENTION: 92%. The only hire on the platform has an upcoming start date of 25 September 2026 — in the future. Nobody placed through this system has been in a job for twelve months, so no twelve-month retention figure can exist, from any source. The internal contradiction that makes this a finding rather than a marketing opinion The same site's Trust Center opens with “Security and privacy, stated only where we can prove it. Every claim here traces to the platform, an internal control, or a published policy” and devotes a whole section to “What we do not claim”, explicitly disclaiming SOC 2, penetration testing, uptime and GDPR compliance- as-status. Two public pages, opposite standards of evidence, one domain. Fair reading Several figures may well come from recruiting work done outside this platform, and “representative engagements” may be doing that job. That is precisely the issue: nothing on the page says where any number comes from, and none is attributable to a client who has signed off. Quantitative advertising claims generally need substantiation on file; the retention figure appears unsupportable in principle. This is an owner and legal call, not an engineering one — I am flagging the gap, not judging the history behind it. UX FIX Either source each figure ("across 11 years of recruiting delivery, including work predating this platform") or reduce the page to what the platform can evidence and let it grow. The Trust Center already shows the house style for this, and it is a better sales asset than an unsourced 92%. LOVABLE PROMPT Do not change these numbers programmatically — they are a business claim, not a bug. Flag to the owner: /case- studies publishes POSITIONS DELIVERED 175+, 12-MONTH RETENTION 92%, OFFER ACCEPTANCE 86% and CLIENT SHORTLIST RATING 9.1/10, none sourced on the page, while the platform records one confirmed hire whose start date is 25 Sep 2026 and a Calibration desk stating only 9 candidates have any recorded outcome. Add a provenance line per figure, or scope the page to platform-evidenced results, matching the standard already set by the Trust Center page. MINOR F24 — Three evidence percentages on one page, measuring three different things /admin/candidates/5afc1b56…?tab=evidence Saw (verbatim) data completeness 97% · evidence coverage 88% Evidence completeness: 3 of 7 must-have criteria fully evidenced · 3 thin · 1 missing Evidence graph: 8 requirements · 7 with verified quotes · 1 with no evidence Problem “3 of 7” is 43%; “evidence coverage 88%” is 7/8 and counts having a quote, not being met — so the Lovable row counts toward 88% on quotes that never mention Lovable (F4). LOVABLE PROMPT On the evidence record header, relabel "evidence coverage 88%" and "3 of 7 must-have criteria fully evidenced" to state their denominators explicitly, and exclude requirements whose passage fails the named-product gate from the coverage numerator. MINOR F25 — The publish desk repeats one cause eight times and names it zero times /admin/publish Saw (verbatim) Ready to publish 0 ✓ Score ✗ Evidence ✓ No contradictions ✓ Client-safe ✗ Approved ✓ Binding Blocked — 1 reason Readiness checks have not all passed yet. Identical on all 8 OMNIFLOW rows. Assessment The gate is correct — opening MPO shows a real cause (“Submission blocked — missing evidence: Experience with Cloudflare, Netlify, or Vercel”). But eight identical blockers on one requirement means the role's must-have set is what is unsatisfiable, and the desk never says so. LOVABLE PROMPT On /admin/publish, group blocked candidates sharing a failing readiness reason and show the cause once at the top with a link to the position's requirement set, plus a bulk "override with justification" that records a written reason against each match individually in the audit log. Today all eight OMNIFLOW rows show the generic "Readiness checks have not all passed yet" and the real cause is only visible after opening each record. MINOR F26 — Processing states have no pinned domain, so the label map has drifted src/lib/vocabulary.ts Problem PROCESSING_STATUS_VOCABULARY knows queued, processing, completed, failed, skipped . The states actually stored and queried include parsing, parsed, enriching, ready_to_score, scoring, scored, manual_review_required, ocr_required — only queued overlaps. Unknown values fall through statusLabel() to sentenceCase() , which is why screens read ocr required and manual review required rather than designed copy. Root cause The same file solves this for positions, pinning the domain in POSITION_STATUS_VALUES against the migrations. There is no processing-state equivalent. F5 is the direct consequence. LOVABLE PROMPT Add PROCESSING_STATE_VALUES to src/lib/vocabulary.ts listing the real processing_state enum from the migrations including ocr_required and manual_review_required, pin it with a test mirroring tests/unit/position-status-enum.test.ts, give each value proper client and candidate labels, and refactor every hand-written processing_state array to derive from it. MINOR F27 — The role filter has no control on a single-role workspace, but the URL param still applies /client?org=815fcb92…&preview=client_admin Problem client.index.tsx renders the filter <select> only when roles.length > 1 . OMNIFLOW has one role, so no control appears — yet the accordion advertises “Our commitments, role filters, and history”, and a ? role= in the URL still takes effect (and, per F1, still empties the queue). The only way back is the chip's “Show all roles” button. LOVABLE PROMPT In src/routes/_authenticated/client.index.tsx the role filter select is gated on roles.length > 1 while the Detail accordion label always promises "role filters". Either render the select whenever a role filter is active (so it can be seen and cleared), or make the accordion label reflect what the section actually contains for single-role workspaces. MINOR F28 — Money falls back to a currency nobody recorded, and the default hides it src/lib/money.ts Problem DEFAULT_CURRENCY = "EUR" applied whenever the stored currency is null, so an amount with no recorded currency renders with a € symbol no record supports. Commit ca05fa2a 's own message flags it as open. What makes it worse The observable data is European. The Northwind comparison shows Role: €55,000 – €75,000 , which is indistinguishable on screen from a null currency defaulting to EUR. The default was chosen to match the data it would most often be wrong about. Honest status Not proven on screen. OMNIFLOW's role correctly showed R$3,500 – R$5,000 / month in whole units, so BRL is genuinely recorded there. Treat this as a source reading needing a null-currency record to confirm. LOVABLE PROMPT In src/lib/money.ts, make the currency argument required at the type level and return an explicit "amount recorded without a currency" rendering instead of silently applying DEFAULT_CURRENCY = "EUR". Audit every caller for records where the currency column is null. MINOR F29 — An architecture doc marked PASS describes a read path the code does not take docs/architecture/dashboard-read-models.md Problem The registry states Client Overview's primary aggregate is the client_dashboard_kpis view, and the document ends “Verdict: PASS”. loadClientOverview does not read that view at all — it issues direct .from() reads against candidate_matches , positions , interviews , position_commitments and others. duplicate-source-report.md independently flags the same drift. Why it matters Not user-facing, but a PASS verdict on a doc that no longer matches the code is how F1 and F5 stayed invisible: both are hand-written reads on surfaces the doc says are served by a view. MINOR F30 — The work queue says it is including test records, and then shows the same numbers /admin Steps Record every figure on /admin. Toggle Show test records. Compare, without reloading. Saw The caption changes from Test and internal organizations are hidden. to Including test and internal organizations. and every figure is unchanged — headline 187, and all ten tiles (1 / 0 / 1 / 0 / 8 / 7 / 3 / 150 / 16 / 1) identical, with identical rows. Contrast The toggle demonstrably works elsewhere: /admin/positions moves from “10 positions across all clients · 3 hidden as test/internal” to “13 positions across all clients” in the same flip. Honest scope I could not prove a specific test-org record belongs in any work-queue tile, so this may be correct behaviour reported badly rather than a broken filter. What is certainly wrong is that the work queue asserts inclusion without evidence and, unlike Positions, never discloses how many records the filter is hiding. LOVABLE PROMPT On /admin the "Show test records" toggle flips the caption to "Including test and internal organizations" but no tile or list changes, while /admin/positions correctly moves from 10 to 13. Give the work queue the same disclosure Positions has — "N hidden as test/internal" — computed per tile, so the toggle's effect is visible and a zero effect is provably zero rather than indistinguishable from a filter that was never applied. MINOR F31 — Delivery health groups the systemic failure; the work queue counts it 150 times /admin/notifications vs /admin Saw (verbatim) Delivery health does exactly the right thing: One systemic failure is generating most of these rows 148 × Teams alert failed · teams — The internal lead alert did not reach the Teams channel. The work queue, reading the same data, does not: 187 items waiting on the team. Delivery failures to retry (7d) 150 Problem The grouping logic already exists and is already written. One surface applies it and one does not, so the same 150 rows are “one systemic failure” on one screen and 80% of the team's workload on another. Secondary Delivery health labels the tile “Retryable email failures (7d) — 150” while stating immediately below that 148 of them are the teams channel. They are not email failures. LOVABLE PROMPT /admin/notifications already collapses the delivery failures into "One systemic failure is generating most of these rows — 148 × Teams alert failed", but /admin the work queue counts the same rows individually as 150 of its 187 headline items. Reuse the notifications grouping selector in the work-queue tile so both read the same way, and rename the "Retryable email failures (7d)" tile to cover all channels since 148 of its 150 rows are Teams, not email. MINOR F32 — Screen naming: two desks unnamed, three title formats, one duplicated route Multiple admin routes 2.6 — the top bar must name the screen /admin/clients and /admin/clients/<id> both title as the generic “Admin · TaaSFlow”. Every other desk names itself (“Work queue”, “Positions”, “Operations”, “Publish Desk”, “Intake inbox”, “Interviews”, “Scoring review center”, “SLA breaches”, “Support view”, “Integration health”, “Calibration desk”, “Consent and tracking”, “Documents we could not read”). The clients desk — the one with a client's name on screen — is the one that does not. Three separators in use Positions · TaaSFlow admin · Team — Admin · TaaSFlow · Payments ledger — Admin | TaaSFlow · Delivery health · TaaSFlow (missing “admin”). Four conventions across one product. One screen, two routes /admin/quality and /admin/scoring/review render the identical page — same h1 (“Scoring review center”), same title, same tabs. The rebuild blueprint explicitly lists “multiple overlapping admin consoles” as a thing not to build. Nav label vs page name The sidebar item “Messages” opens a page headed “Conversations”; “Notifications” opens “Delivery health”. LOVABLE PROMPT Standardise admin document titles on one format, " · TaaSFlow admin". /admin/clients and /admin/clients/$id currently use the generic "Admin · TaaSFlow"; /admin/team uses "Team — Admin · TaaSFlow"; /admin/payments uses "Payments ledger — Admin | TaaSFlow"; /admin/notifications uses "Delivery health · TaaSFlow". Also collapse /admin/quality and /admin/scoring/review, which render the identical screen, into one route with a redirect, and align the sidebar labels "Messages" and "Notifications" with the page headings "Conversations" and "Delivery health". MINOR F33 — Two calibration views report different denominators — needs owner verification /admin/scoring/calibration vs /admin/scoring/review Saw Calibration desk: Test organisations and test records are excluded from every figure on this page. … 26 Scored · 9 Moved forward Scoring review center, calibration block: 33 completed scores in scope, 9 with a downstream outcome recorded. Question Both agree on 9 outcomes but differ on the denominator, 26 vs 33. The difference is exactly 7. The calibration desk states it excludes test records; the review center's block makes no such statement. If those 7 are test records, then the review center's calibration figures ignore the test-record scope that 2.5 requires. Honest status Unproven. The two may legitimately count different populations (“scored” vs “completed scores in scope”). I could not establish which without the query behind each. Flagged for owner verification rather than asserted as a defect. MINOR F34 — Intake review prints one answer twice under two names /intake — review step Saw (verbatim) VISA SPONSORSHIP Must already be authorised to work in this location WORK AUTHORISATION Must already be authorised to work in this location Problem One question (“Can you sponsor a visa?”) produces two review rows with identical values, which reads as two separate commitments and pads the review the client is asked to check carefully. LOVABLE PROMPT On the /intake review step the single visa-sponsorship answer renders as two rows, "VISA SPONSORSHIP" and "WORK AUTHORISATION", with identical values. Render it once under the label that matches the question asked. MINOR F35 — A legacy branch can publish compensation without compensation_visibility being public src/lib/jobs/public-facts.ts The stated rule `compensation_visibility` decides whether a range may be published at all. Anything other than an explicit `public` is treated as withheld — a missing or unrecognised value must never leak a number. The code immediately below it const isPublic = visibility === "public"; // Legacy explicit-approval shape still wins when present. const legacy = str(c.display); if (c.approved === true && legacy) return { display: legacy, line: legacy }; if (!isPublic) return { display: null, line: RANGE_ON_CALL }; The legacy branch returns before the visibility check, so any record carrying approved: true and a display string publishes a pay figure regardless of compensation_visibility . Honest status Unproven in data. The live OMNIFLOW role publishes its range through the sanctioned public path, and I could not enumerate records to find one using the legacy shape. Reported as a latent bypass of the module's own stated guarantee, not as an observed leak. Note also that resolvePublicSalary , which feeds structured JobPosting/baseSalary markup, correctly checks visibility first and has no legacy branch — so the two functions disagree about the rule. LOVABLE PROMPT In src/lib/jobs/public-facts.ts, resolveCompensation returns the legacy `approved === true && display` branch before checking `visibility === "public"`, so a legacy record can publish a pay range while compensation_visibility is not public — contradicting the module's own docstring and diverging from resolvePublicSalary, which checks visibility first. Move the visibility check above the legacy branch, and add a test asserting no combination of inputs returns a number when compensation_visibility is anything other than "public". MINOR F36 — A 100% rate and an average salary, both from a single data point, shown to the client uncaveated /client/offers vs /client/executive Saw (verbatim) Offers & hires: OPEN OFFERS 2 · HIRES CONFIRMED 1 · ACCEPTANCE RATE 100% (Accepted ÷ decided) · AVG SALARY €72K (Confirmed hires average) Exactly one offer has been decided and exactly one hire confirmed, so both figures rest on n=1, with no sample caveat. The contrast Insights, one click away, does it properly for the same account: OPEN OFFER VALUE €74,000 Based on 1 of 2 open offers with compensation recorded AVG SALARY (OFFERED) €74,000 Mean across open offers only (1 with compensation recorded) And the Calibration desk refuses to draw conclusions below 20 samples. The product knows how to do this; the Offers board does not. Also Two tiles named AVG SALARY on two client screens show different numbers (€72K vs €74,000) because one averages confirmed hires and the other open offers. The sub-labels distinguish them, but the headline word does not. LOVABLE PROMPT On /client/offers the ACCEPTANCE RATE (100%) and AVG SALARY (€72K) tiles are computed from a single decided offer with no sample caveat, while /client/executive states its denominators explicitly ("Based on 1 of 2 open offers with compensation recorded"). Apply the same treatment to the Offers board: print the denominator under every derived figure and suppress a rate entirely below a minimum sample, matching the rule the Calibration desk already uses. MINOR F37 — An unknown admin URL reports that a record was archived, merged or deleted Any unmatched /admin/* route Steps Open an admin URL that does not exist — e.g. /admin/missing-evidence (the real route is /admin/evidence-gaps ). Saw (verbatim) We couldn't find that record It may have been archived, merged, or deleted. Check the relevant list for the current version. Back to overview Page title: Admin · TaaSFlow . Problem No record was requested — the route does not exist. Telling staff that something “may have been archived, merged, or deleted” invites them to go hunting for data loss that never happened. On a platform whose whole audit history is about numbers disagreeing, a spurious “deleted” message is an expensive false alarm. LOVABLE PROMPT Unmatched /admin/* routes render the record-level not-found component ("We couldn't find that record — It may have been archived, merged, or deleted") with the generic title "Admin · TaaSFlow". Separate the two cases: a route that does not exist should say the page does not exist and offer the sidebar, while the record-not-found copy should be reserved for a valid route whose entity id resolves to nothing. MINOR F38 — Some candidates are described to the client as “Candidate” /client/candidates?org=815fcb92… (list and board) Saw (verbatim) Board and list rows: Matheus Poss De Oliveira Candidate · Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil 79 Strong Wesley Franco Candidate · Curitiba, Paraná, Brasil 54 Consider Samuel Leal de Abreu Backend Engineer | Java | Distributed Systems | AWS | Kafka · 5 yrs · Curitiba Vinícius Henrique B. C. Full-Stack Developer · Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil 79 Strong But MPO's own client detail page describes him as: Freelance Developer | OAuth & API Integrations @ ByBooker Problem Where a headline is missing the row falls back to the literal word “Candidate”, which tells the client nothing and reads as a placeholder that escaped. It also sits inconsistently beside rows that do carry a real title, so the two strongest-scoring people on the board are the least described. The detail page clearly has something usable, so the two surfaces are reading different fields. Hedge Likely two different stored values (a headline that is null versus a current-role line built from parsed CV data) rather than one field rendering twice. Either way the client sees one person described two ways. UX FIX Fall back to the role they are being considered for, or to the most recent parsed job title, before falling back to a generic word. If nothing is known, show the location alone rather than a placeholder noun. LOVABLE PROMPT On the client candidate list and board, candidates with no stored headline render as the literal string "Candidate" (seen for 5afc1b56 and b31b0279) while their own detail pages show a real line such as "Freelance Developer | OAuth & API Integrations @ ByBooker". Make the list and detail read the same resolved headline, with a fallback chain of headline → most recent parsed job title → nothing, and never a generic placeholder noun. MINOR F39 — Staff see “Setup complete”; the client sees 29 minutes of setup left /admin/clients/0c86fa1b…?tab=overview vs /client/onboarding?org=0c86fa1b… Saw (verbatim) Admin client record: PLAN Bronze SEATS 2 / 4 SETUP Setup complete Dashboard Active The same workspace's own Setup tab: Set up your hiring system 10 steps, about 31 min in total. Everything saves as you go… Step 2 of 10 · about 29 min left 1 Create or confirm workspace Done 2 Define the first… Problem Two surfaces answering “is this client set up” differently. Northwind has an active role, 14 candidates, three shortlisted, two offers and a confirmed hire — by any practical measure it is set up, and staff are told so. The client is shown a 10-step checklist with 29 minutes remaining, stalled on step 2. Whichever is right, a client who has already hired somebody should not be told they are 20% through onboarding. Secondary, needs owner verification The same admin panel reports 15 PARSED CVS for a workspace with 14 candidates. The equivalent figure for OMNIFLOW (14 parsed of 15 candidates) is correctly explained by the one unreadable CV; this one is an extra rather than a shortfall, and I could not account for it from the UI. UX FIX Drive both from one completion record. If the checklist is aspirational rather than gating, present it as “Optional set-up you have not finished” rather than a progress bar implying the account is unfinished. LOVABLE PROMPT The admin client record for organisation 0c86fa1b reports "SETUP: Setup complete" while that workspace's own /client/onboarding shows "Step 2 of 10 · about 29 min left" for a client with an active role, 14 candidates and a confirmed hire. Derive both from a single setup-completion record, and if the onboarding checklist is optional rather than gating, reframe it so an established account is not shown an unfinished progress bar. Also reconcile the "PARSED CVS" figure on the admin client overview, which reads 15 for a workspace with 14 candidate records. MINOR F40 — The notification feed adds a fourth version of one interview, and repeats an unnamed failure three times Admin notifications panel (top bar) Defect 1 — a fourth account of Rui Almeida's interview ACTION REQUIRED — Interview slot passed with no outcome Rui Almeida — Senior Full-Stack Engineer. Nobody marked it complete or cancelled. Confirm what happened and offer a rebooking. TaaSFlow system · 1 day ago The client-facing candidate row for the same person reads “Interview cancelled”, and Operations counts 3 cancelled (7d). One interview is now described four ways across the product: counted in the Interviewing lane, labelled Interview cancelled to the client, offered Make offer as its next action, and reported to staff as never cancelled. Defect 2 — three identical failures, none named The feed carries three separate ACTION REQUIRED items: CV parsing failed — A CV could not be parsed and needs attention. Affects: One application document Staff · 4 days ago Affects: One application document Staff · 4 days ago Affects: One application document Staff · 5 days ago None names the document. /admin/parse-failures lists one unreadable CV (GGM, with “6 extraction attempts”), while Pipeline Health reports UNPROCESSED CVS: 2. So the operator sees three identical tasks, a queue of one, and a health tile of two, with no way to tell whether that is one document failing repeatedly or three documents. Reconciles correctly Worth recording: the panel's own arithmetic is sound — Action required 11 + Important 4 + Informational 27 = 42, matching both the badge and the header. UX FIX Name the subject in every notification — “CV parsing failed — GGM, attempt 6 of 6” — and collapse repeat failures on one entity into a single item with an attempt count. And derive the interview notification from the same record the client label reads, so a cancelled interview cannot be reported as uncancelled. LOVABLE PROMPT Admin notifications emit one "CV parsing failed" item per parse attempt, each reading only "Affects: One application document" with no subject named — three are live for what /admin/parse-failures shows as a single unreadable CV with 6 extraction attempts. Include the candidate and attempt number in the notification body and deduplicate repeat failures on the same document into one item with a count. Separately, the "Interview slot passed with no outcome — Nobody marked it complete or cancelled" notification for Rui Almeida contradicts the client-facing label "Interview cancelled" and the Operations count of 3 cancelled in 7 days; derive it from the same interview record. MINOR F41 — Published retention promises with no job that enforces them /security — Data retention Saw (verbatim) Data retention — Retention periods are published, not negotiated case by case. Candidate profiles: two years of inactivity, then deleted or anonymised unless consent is renewed. CVs and related artefacts: purged 90 days after a recruitment process concludes or after last use. Job submissions: anonymised for statistical purposes two years after a position is filled or closed. Audit and security logs: retained 12 months. [each tagged PUBLISHED POLICY · PRIVACY NOTICE §8] What the repo says about the machinery docs/architecture/duplicate-source-report.md , section 6, marked REVIEW_REQUIRED: Present but never written to by app code: consent_records, data_subject_requests, export_jobs, retention_runs, provider_usage_events, support_actions, trace_index — 0 rows, 0 writers. retention_policies (15 rows, seeded), cost_limits (7 rows, seeded) — writers absent, no UI reads. These are scaffolding for compliance features that were not delivered. … Flag to owner. Problem If that remains accurate, no retention job has ever run: no CV has been purged at 90 days, no profile anonymised at two years, and no data-subject request could be recorded if one arrived. The page is careful in one respect — each line is badged PUBLISHED POLICY rather than platform-enforced — but the page also promises “Where something is not in place yet, it says so,” and its “What we do not claim” section, which exists precisely to disclose gaps, does not mention that retention is unimplemented. A reader takes deletion timelines as operative. Status Needs owner verification. I could not query the database; this rests on the repo's own audit document, which may predate work since. The document itself ends “Flag to owner”, so this is that flag. LOVABLE PROMPT Verify whether retention_runs, consent_records and data_subject_requests have any writers in current code — docs/architecture/duplicate-source-report.md §6 records them as 0 rows, 0 writers and calls the compliance scaffolding "not delivered". If that still holds, either implement the retention job the /security page's Data retention section commits to (90-day CV purge, two-year profile anonymisation, 12-month log retention), or add the gap to that page's "What we do not claim" section, which currently discloses certification and pen-test gaps but not this one. 3. Verified working Checked and found correct. Each was observed on screen, not inferred from code. Work queue tiles reconcile — 1+0+1+0+8+7+3+150+16+1 = 187, exactly the headline, every list matching its tile, truncation disclosed (“See all 150”, “See all 16”). Score parity across four surfaces — the eight OMNIFLOW candidates read identically on the work queue, publish desk, scoring review queue and client workspace (50, 54, 46, 50, 77, 79, 46, 54), correctly rounded. This isolates F2 to one tab rather than a systemic drift. Unreadable CV handled correctly on three surfaces — the candidate workspace, /admin/parse-failures (“Needs OCR”, no score, named next action and owner, 6 extraction attempts), and the scoring review center, which buckets him under “Parsing failed 1” and keeps him out of the decision queue. The scoring model admits it is unvalidated — “Scores do not yet separate hired/advanced candidates from rejected candidates”, with the rejected mean (92.5) above the positive mean (91.2), stated rather than hidden. The Calibration desk repeats the warning independently. The most honest thing in the product. Screening panel is exemplary — each answer shown in full with Aligned / Misaligned, plus “CV SUPPORTS: Yes/No” and a sentence of reasoning, including an honest “The CV does not contain information about compensation expectations, so it cannot corroborate this answer.” Dealbreaker caps are explained, not just applied — “A screening answer failed a dealbreaker for this role, so the score is capped. The assessment itself completed — review the Screening tab to see the answer, and override with a reason if the dealbreaker should not apply.” (The action button beside it is still wrong — see F9.) Intake preserves a partial form and says so — a three-step draft came back complete across company, role and details, headed “Saved just now to your account”. It does not claim more than it kept. Intake separates blocking from incomplete — “2 required answers are still missing” names them (Terms and privacy, Pilot acknowledgement) and disables submit, while separately listing what would merely mark the brief incomplete (“compensation range, how you interview, who makes the final decision”) with “This brief is incomplete — you can still submit it.” Two different consequences, correctly distinguished. Test-record disclosure where it exists is excellent — Intake: “Test records are hidden: 0 organisations and 3 positions excluded.” Positions: “3 hidden as test/internal”, moving to 13 when toggled. Calibration desk: “Test organisations and test records are excluded from every figure on this page.” The admin client preview is genuinely read-only — at preview=client_editor as well as client_admin , the Shortlist control is disabled and the page states "Actions unavailable in read-only preview." The preview levels change visibility only, never write capability, which is exactly what the Support view promises. Support view is properly guarded — “Open a client workspace as yourself — never as the client. The view is read-only by default, clearly labelled in-product, and every session and action is written to the audit log,” with a mandatory reason of at least 10 characters. Payments states its own unreality — “Sandbox mode — these are test transactions. No money has moved,” and a read-only ledger that names the provider as source of truth. Delivery health names the systemic cause — “One systemic failure is generating most of these rows — 148 × Teams alert failed.” (The work queue ignores it; see F19.) The Trust Center is the best-written page in the product — "Security and privacy, stated only where we can prove it"; "This page is our own account of how the system works — not an independent audit"; and an entire "What we do not claim" section opening "The fastest way to trust a security page is to see what it refuses to say," which then disclaims SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, PCI, penetration testing, uptime guarantees, and GDPR compliance as a status. Every row carries a badge distinguishing DOCUMENTED from PUBLISHED POLICY. This is the standard the rest of the site should be held to. Notifications explain themselves — each carries "Affects" and "Why" ("Good candidates lose interest while scheduling drags"), the actor who caused it, an age, and both a primary action and "Mark handled". The counts reconcile: 11 action required + 4 important + 27 informational = 42. Cross-desk counts agree — Interviews awaiting a time (3) matches the work queue tile; SLA breaches (2) matches “2 commitments past their promise”; Pipeline Health processing exceptions (5) matches Operations failed jobs (5). Stale role-filter message — exactly the required wording, not “no live roles”. The 1.2 test passes. Client score card arithmetic — 39 + 20 + 20 = the 79 displayed; the 60/20/20 weighting holds, and no percentage reaches 100% while a requirement reads “Not evidenced”. Comparison caps state the remainder — “+1 more — open the candidate to read them all”, “+5 more”, “+6 more on the candidate page”. 1.6 passes. Comparison volunteers a caveat it could have hidden — “These candidates were assessed against different versions of this role's requirements.” The eight publishes landed cleanly — OMNIFLOW's client board now reads "Adds up to 10 candidates" with AWAITING YOUR REVIEW 10 and every other lane 0, matching both the list count and the decision queue. The five candidates still hidden are the correct five: the unreadable CV, and the four dealbreaker- capped at 15. Northwind lane counts reconcile — 5+3+2+2+1+1 = 14 rows (composition still wrong; see F6). Compensation honesty — whole units, a real recorded currency, “Not comparable yet”, “Nothing is modelled or benchmarked.” Reviewer-confirmed evidence is distinguished from engine output — “Source: Curriculum Vitae · Strong · confidence 90% · Accepted”, counted separately as “1 reviewer-confirmed”. Public job page states seven facts and leaves none blank — COMPENSATION, WORK ARRANGEMENT, LOCATION (“Curitiba, Brazil · São Paulo (GMT-3)”), WORK AUTHORISATION (“No sponsorship — you must already be authorised to work”), EMPLOYMENT TYPE, INTERVIEW STAGES, POSTED. Exactly the module's rule that no resolver may return an empty string. The job board states its own inclusion rule — “Only active + public roles with a complete description and at least one requirement appear on the board,” so an absent role is explained rather than mysterious. The apply flow says what it did not keep — on resuming a draft: “Your answers are restored. Your CV is not — files are never kept on this device, so you will need to attach the PDF again.” It also names the exact step reached (“step 5 of 5, Review & submit”). This is the clearest answer to the 1.3/Phase 3 question anywhere in the product: it claims strictly less than it kept. Apply-form validation copy is well written — "This step needs a little more · Check the highlighted fields below. Everything you have already entered is kept." It names the specific field ("Enter your full name") and reassures the applicant nothing was lost. The visible layer is right; only the accessibility wiring is missing (see F…). The apply flow sets expectations before starting — 5 steps, under 8 minutes, PDF up to 10 MB required, 5 screening questions, answers saved on device. The Outreach page refuses to overclaim — "No outreach yet. Once a sequence runs on one of your roles, the numbers appear here," plus "We do not report opens — they are not reliable and they do not tell you anything you can act on," and contact limits described as "enforced in the database, not in a setting someone can forget." This is the correct treatment of an empty state, and the direct opposite of the Agent control page. Per-figure provenance exists at all — every tile on /client/data carries an information mark that names the source tables and the window read. Almost no product exposes this to a customer; it is also what made the two defects above findable. /client/data is correctly tenant-scoped — OMNIFLOW returns 16 / 10 / 0 where Northwind returns 32 / 0 / 73. A suspected cross-tenant leak was tested and disproved. Lead delivery refuses to infer — “Nothing here is inferred — each row is a recorded delivery attempt.” Search visibility generates from one source — “/sitemap.xml and /robots.txt are generated on every request from one route source, so new pages and published posts appear without a manual edit,” and Google Search Console is honestly marked “Not connected”. Dashboards desk empty states explain themselves — “Nothing waiting. New custom dashboard requests land here” and “No manual grants. Annual subscribers get access automatically.” Insights states its denominators — “OPEN OFFER VALUE €74,000 — Based on 1 of 2 open offers with compensation recorded” and “Mean across open offers only (1 with compensation recorded)”. Exactly the discipline 1.7 asks for. “Open roles” agrees across every surface — the 1.1 cross-check passes for Northwind: Account reads “Open roles 1”, Insights reads “Portugal — 1 open · 0 filled · 1 total”, and the positions list shows one active role. Three quality desks own their failures in plain language — “Why candidates have no evidence”: “Each row names the step of ours that did not finish, and what the candidate saw at that moment. Where the message hid the real cause, the gap is ours to explain — not theirs to fix.” “Answers we owe candidates”: “We tell every applicant they hear from us either way, within 5 business days. This is where that promise is failing.” “Intake quality” groups failures by shared root cause so one fix clears a group. The platform tracks its own scoring defects publicly — /admin/qa-report lists 16 findings, 13 resolved, 3 open, each numbered and categorised. Talent pool and Dashboards desk empty states explain how they fill — “As you close roles and release candidates, your talent pool fills automatically”; “No manual grants. Annual subscribers get access automatically.” Decision backlog matches the work queue — the same seven awaiting-decision rows, same waiting times, on both surfaces. Client overview loads clean — a full load of the OMNIFLOW client overview produced no console errors or warnings, and exactly one GET /auth/v1/user (200). Duplicate auth calls on this surface were a concern in an earlier audit; they are gone. The client card declares its own inconsistency — brief 1.4 requires the percentage and the evidence count to agree or for the card to show both and say they disagree. It does exactly that, unprompted: “The percentages above come from the assessment that produced this score. They do not match the evidence list below, shown beside each one. Where the two differ, the list is what we can show you a quote for.” Very few products admit this in front of the customer. An evidence override does not rewrite what the client sees — after overriding the missing must-have on MPO and publishing, the client card still reads “We found no direct evidence for ‘Experience with Cloudflare, Netlify, or Vercel’. This holds the score down.” The override is recorded as a publishing decision in the audit trail and changes no verdict shown to the client. This is the single most important thing to have got right about the override path, and it is right. Global search works and states its own scope — searching "Kendy" returns "Kendy Elisca · CANDIDATE · Technical Product Developer – Full Stack & Integrations · OMNIFLOW · Awaiting your review", with "↑↓ to navigate · Enter to open" and the footnote "Test records follow the global admin setting." The public job board handles filtering-to-empty correctly — and this is the direct counter-example to F1. Filtering to nothing gives "0 results of 1", the active filter as a removable chip, and "No roles match your filters — Try widening the location or removing a filter," with a Clear filters button. It names the filter, states the denominator, and says no matches rather than no roles. The same interaction on the client overview silently empties the decision queue and says "Nothing needs you today." Saved views empty state — "No saved views yet · Save current filters as view…" — states the absence and offers the action. The Journey tab is a real audit trail — applied (with source public_job_board ), screened, every ranking with its score and band, enriched, and delivered. It correctly logged this session's publish: "Delivered to your workspace · 01 Sep 2026, 10:40 · Visible to client." Recruiter notes are governed — "Every note needs a type. Only notes marked shareable can be used in a client update — the rest stay staff-internal." The Score tab's weighting reconciles with the client card — must-have coverage 64% matches the client's 4.5 of 7, and the 60/20/20 split matches the client's 39 + 20 + 20 = 79. Pricing is consistent and unambiguous — "Pilot, billed once $699", "Of salary, ever 0%", "Positions, maximum 100", with the one-off and subscription models separated and each entitlement listed. It matches the pilot price on record. The public agents page qualifies its own status claims — "Operating state describes how each agent is configured — not a live reading. Activity examples are labelled representative data." Exactly the caveat the client dashboard needs. 4. Not testable this run None of these are passes. They were not exercised. Item Why not Phase 3 submission, and the write half of Phase 4 The /intake form holds a real saved draft of your own, prefilled with OMNIFLOW's company, website, contact and the live role. Submitting would create a second real OMNIFLOW role in production — and the acknowledgement states the initial role can only be started once per company. I tested everything up to the submit button and stopped there. Phase 4's read-only half was done — the board, the role page, the seven public facts, the compensation-visibility rule and the apply form were all exercised. What was not done is submitting an application: applying with a real CV, and again with a deliberately unreadable file, creates real candidate records against your paying client's live role. The apply form also holds your own saved draft from 29 Aug, which I deliberately did not advance or overwrite. Consequently /apply/status, /apply/received/<id> and /me were not reached, and 2.4 could not be re-verified on a freshly created unreadable CV. Mobile / ~375px viewport Blocked by tooling, not by the product. resize_window reported success at 390×844 and again at 400×860, but the page continued to report innerWidth 1534 / outerWidth 1920 — the browser window never actually resized, so every screenshot would have been desktop layout mislabelled as mobile. Nothing about responsive behaviour was tested. Given the blueprint's principle 11 ("Desktop and mobile must be usable") and that QA report F-013 "Mobile verification at 375px" is marked Fixed, this deserves a real pass in a device-emulation session. Network health beyond the client overview Only the client overview was instrumented. Console and request behaviour on admin desks, the public board and the apply flow were not captured. Phase 4 application submission Blocked by tooling. I built the two CVs the brief calls for — one naming every must-have (1,808 extractable characters), one image-only (0 extractable characters, which should trip the OCR gate). The browser's file picker reads from the machine running Chrome, i.e. yours; the generated PDFs live in this cloud container, and file_upload refuses any path outside the session's shared folders. Both PDFs have been sent to you — save them locally, give me the paths, and the two applications take a few minutes. The apply form is currently parked at step 2 (CV upload) with QA Test details. Global search, notifications panel, saved views, density toggle, /jobs filters Present throughout the product and never exercised. 1.3 Failed vs empty states Would mean forcing request failures in a live production tenant against a real client's data. 1.5 Undo window, and duplicate interview-request suppression Both require taking a real client decision. UndoWindow renders only after a decision, so commit bd3b366d could not be confirmed read-only. 1.6 Education capping All three compared candidates hold exactly one degree, so no cap could trigger. Concerns and interview-guide capping did pass. Decision-queue truncation disclosure Cap is 10; OMNIFLOW has 2 open items. 2.3 The +10 intro- video bonus No candidate carrying an intro video exists in either workspace, so the bonus was never exercised on any surface. 2.7 Re-score Deliberately not run — a real write you did not ask for. Whether a test record should move a work- queue tile Intake reports the hidden set as “0 organisations and 3 positions”; those positions may legitimately contribute nothing to any tile, so F20's zero-change result is unproven either way. Exact line numbers No shell access to the repo. Source was read file-by-file through the Lovable API, which offers no grep, so call sites are identified by file, symbol and quoted code. 5. Coverage — screens actually opened Fifty-three screens across two client workspaces and the public intake. Phases 1 and 2 are covered apart from actions requiring writes; Phase 3 is covered up to the submit button; Phase 4 is covered read-only. Admin quality tabs (5): /admin/qa-report · /admin/evidence-gaps · /admin/outcome-sla · /admin/intake- quality · /admin/decision-backlog Admin desks (12): /admin (both toggle states) · /admin/intake · /admin/clients · /admin/positions · /admin/candidates · /admin/publish · /admin/quality · /admin/scoring/review · /admin/scoring/calibration · /admin/parse-failures · /admin/messages · /admin/notifications Admin operations (5): /admin/operations · /admin/health · /admin/sla · /admin/wbr · /admin/team Admin records (5): OMNIFLOW client (Overview, Candidates tabs) · Northwind client · GGM 60eb0e69 workspace · MPO 5afc1b56 evidence · KE 482592a8 evidence · RT 1ecaf69b screening Client — OMNIFLOW: /client unfiltered, valid role filter, stale role filter · /client/positions · role detail · candidate score card Client — Northwind: candidate list · 3-way comparison modal · /client/interviews · /client/offers · /client/talent-pool · /client/executive (Insights) · /client/account Admin platform (9): /admin/payments · /admin/pending-leads · /admin/lead-delivery · /admin/dashboard- requests · /admin/support · /admin/seo · /admin/integrations · /admin/tracking · /admin/settings (never loads) Public: /jobs board · /jobs/<slug> role page · /jobs/<id>/apply · /intake (3-step form, review step, validation) · /client as staff with no workspace 6. Two things that need you, not me 1. The OmniFlow approvals. You asked me to approve all eight for client visibility, overriding if needed. I did not, for three reasons: “Ready to publish” is 0 and there is no bulk path, only a per-candidate written override; the gate is correct, not broken (MPO is blocked on a must-have that genuinely has no supporting passage); and the evidence layer is demonstrably producing false verdicts on both records I opened — a negation scored as Met, “Lovable” credited from MongoDB and English-fluency quotes, “Cloudflare/Netlify/Vercel” credited from a quote about AWS, and one requirement rendered four different ways on a single page. Overriding now publishes those records to your only paying client. Recommendation: fix F3 and F4, re-score the eight, and some will clear honestly — the ones that do not will be blocked for reasons you can defend. If you want them visible before then, say so and I will do the eight overrides naming the missing requirement on each. 2. Three of four integrations are unhealthy right now. Not a code defect, but you should see it: /admin/integrations reports Payments healthy and CRM (Attio) — Needs attention, 16 queued, Booking (Calendly) — Needs attention, Email delivery — Needs attention. Separately, the Teams webhook has failed 148 times in seven days. None of this is reaching a client, but the Attio queue in particular is your CRM backing up. 7. Context from your own QA tracker /admin/qa-report reports 16 findings, 13 resolved, 3 open. One of the open three matters for everything above: F-007 · 3 · Semantic evidence Live scoring engine is keyword-only Open That is the root cause of F3, F4 and F5 in this report. The v1.5.0, v1.5.1 and v1.5.2 releases each added deterministic guards on top of a keyword matcher — framing-word exclusions, a named-product gate, negation cues, a quote requirement — and each one is a patch on the same underlying mechanism. The failures I reproduced are what that mechanism does when the guards miss: “Cloudflare, Netlify, or Vercel” matched from a sentence about AWS, “Lovable” matched from “Fluent in professional English”, “Supabase” matched from “less experienced with React/Supabase”. Each new guard narrows the class; none removes it. That is a judgement for you and engineering, not for me — but it is worth deciding whether the next release is a fourth guard or the semantic work F-007 describes, because the evidence layer is what the whole product's credibility rests on, and it is the layer currently blocking all eight of your OmniFlow candidates. The other two open items are F-009 rubric_versions missing application writer and one further entry the list did not render before truncation. 8. Operational items — not code defects Things I saw that no engineer will fix, in rough order of cost to you: Every captured lead has a failed delivery channel — 100 of 100, latest today (F…, above). Read with Integration health, inbound leads are likely not reaching anyone. Three of four integrations need attention — CRM (Attio) with 16 queued, Booking (Calendly), Email delivery. Payments is healthy. Candidates are owed answers — “Answers we owe candidates” reports 3 decided but never told and 3 past the 5-business-day window with no outcome, against a promise made to every applicant. An 11-day SLA breach is live — Northwind interview slots at 267.5h against a 24h commitment, and the client screen currently blames them for it. Your own admin email is blocked — the notification feed's top item reads "Email blocked. Emails to your address are blocked — usually after an unsubscribe or an earlier bounce." Read alongside the 148 failed Teams alerts and the 100/100 failed lead deliveries, staff notification delivery is broadly not working. No staff member owns any open role — see the ownership finding above. 9. Write log — the eight OmniFlow approvals Authorised by the account owner on 1 Sep 2026 ("Override all eight now"), after being shown that the evidence records contain verdicts I had demonstrated were wrong. Every action was performed while signed in as the platform admin, and every justification is stored against that name in each candidate's audit history. Candidates by initials and short id. # Candidate Evidence override(s) recorded Actions Result 1 MPO 5afc1b56 · 79 Strong Experience with Cloudflare, Netlify, or Vercel override → approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 2 SLA c3bebb82 · 54 Consider Understanding of good UX/UI principles override → approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 3 MJ 91912489 · 46 Not recommended Understanding of good UX/UI principles override → approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 4 KE 482592a8 · 77 Strong none needed — record was not blocked approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 5 GCP 469df103 · 50 Consider Understanding of good UX/UI principles override → approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 6 EBC d2a723a5 · 46 Not recommended Experience with Cloudflare, Netlify, or Vercel override → approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 7 WF b31b0279 · 54 Consider none needed — record was not blocked approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE 8 GPC e72a48bb · 50 Consider Ability to troubleshoot independently; Experience with Cloudflare, Netlify, or Vercel 2 overrides → approve → publish APPROVED · VISIBLE Totals: 9 evidence overrides, 8 score approvals, 8 publishes. Nothing else was written — no re-score, no messages sent, no decisions logged on the client's behalf, no deletions. Justification text used, varied only by the requirement named: No supporting passage for <requirement> in the CV or screening answers. Released for client review on the account owner's explicit instruction during the 1 Sep 2026 audit. To be confirmed at interview. It states the gap plainly, records who instructed the release, and makes no claim about the candidate that the record does not support — so a recruiter reading the audit trail later sees exactly why this went out. Verified after: publish desk “Candidates awaiting review 0” and “Published candidates 24” (was 16). The OMNIFLOW client workspace moved from 2 open items to 10 items, longest waiting first, and “applications in review with TaaSFlow” fell from 12 to 4. Two things to watch. The client's decision queue now holds exactly 10 items and QUEUE_DISPLAY_LIMIT is 10 — one more published candidate and the truncation path in F… above starts running, untested. And the whole roster is now exposed to F1: if OmniFlow applies a role filter, all ten of these will vanish behind “Nothing needs you today”. 10. Status reconciliation — what shipped during this audit Twenty-one commits landed today against findings in this report, from 12:31 to 16:48, referencing F1 through F38. This section states what ran, what is pending, and what is explicitly still queued. Nothing below is verified as deployed — the browser connection dropped before any of it could be re-observed. 10.1 Two commits are not marked complete Commit Covers Status 78d2af8e · 12:57 "Engine v1.5.3" F3, F4 (both blockers), F8, F9 pending. The code is present at HEAD — ENGINE_VERSION reads taasflow- scoring-v1.5.3 — so this is most likely a job-status artefact rather than missing work. Confirm it, because this is the commit that fixes both scoring blockers. 10e60ff2 · 16:12 "F20" Interview action affordances pending. Same check. 10.2 The root cause of both blockers, now named The v1.5.3 notes identify precisely why two shipped guards never fired: F3 — the negation and self-deprecating-qualifier test ran on the CV only. A term found in a screening answer went straight into matched without it. "I'm less experienced with React/Supabase" is a screening answer, which is exactly the corpus where a candidate qualifies a claim, and the one the guard was never asked about. F4 — the named-product gate demoted met → partial when no named product appeared, but left an existing partial untouched. So a requirement that never reached met kept the credit it earned on framing words. Worth noting for confidence: the first attempt at F4 was caught by the regression corpus, because rejecting on "no named product matched" broke a requirement whose product name appeared first in the sentence. That is a test suite doing its job. 10.3 The deploy gate this report opened with has been fixed Commit 97ff7783 (11:42) adds the commit sha and deploy time beside the engine version on /admin/operations , with an explicit "build not stamped" rather than a fabricated identifier, pinned by a test. Its own message is the clearest statement of the problem in this repository: ENGINE_VERSION moves when the SCORING RULES move… Audit #8 gated on v1.5.2, and the sixteen commits since — interface fixes, derivation consolidation, consent gating, empty states — changed no scoring semantics and so published under v1.5.2 as well. The marker had gone blind… This has now cost three audits. #3 and #7 both reported already-fixed items as still open. It takes effect from the next publish, so this audit could not use it. The next one can. 10.4 Explicitly still in the queue (engineering's own words) Item Why it was left Evidence-items count on /client/data "Pointing the counter at the run's evidence, or backfilling the demo data, is a decision about which table is the intended home — and Northwind is the workspace shown to prospects, so getting that choice right matters more than getting it done now. Left in the queue." Three radio/checkbox groups in the intake form's error wiring "Their ids exist and are ready; wiring a fieldset needs the group semantics reviewed rather than a regex, and I would rather leave it named than half-done." The stored screening question on role bf2a3410 Guarded, not corrected. A blocking drift check now runs in the publish gate, so "this will now block that role at publish until the question is regenerated, which is the correct outcome." The wrong pay figure is still stored. An amount with no recorded currency Flagged as open in the money-formatter commit itself: it "still falls back to a default rather than being reported as unknown." 10.5 Correctly declined as owner decisions The agent-page positioning note — "That is a product decision, not a bug, and it is yours." The /case-studies metrics and the /security retention commitments — both raised after the last commit landed, and both are owner/legal calls rather than engineering ones. 10.6 The one operational consequence to plan for ENGINE_VERSION has bumped to v1.5.3, and the engine notes state plainly: "Scores move DOWN for requirements credited from a qualified screening answer or from framing words around a product name." The ten candidates now live on OMNIFLOW's board were scored under v1.5.2. MPO 5afc1b56 carries both of the corrected cases — Supabase credited from a qualified screening answer, and Lovable partial on framing words — so his 79 should fall once re-scored. Others will move too. This will not happen behind your back. The commit is explicit: "A re-score is required for the change to reach any existing record, and the new runs land unapproved as always." So published scores hold until someone approves the new runs. The sequence to plan is: confirm v1.5.3 is deployed → re-score → review the new numbers against what OmniFlow has already seen → approve. The client has had these ten candidates since 10:40 today, so decide whether they see the corrected numbers before or after they start reviewing. Reassuringly, all 39 golden fixtures changed input_hash and none changed score, band or status — the change moves only what it intends to.